README.md, before:

# High-Performance gRPC Mail & OTP Server

A high-concurrency microservice built with Go and gRPC to handle email delivery and OTP management.

## 🎯 Core Problem & Solution

* **The Problem:** Standard `net/smtp` is slow because it creates a new connection (TCP handshake + TLS + Auth) for every single email sent.
* **Our Solution:** Implements a **Worker Pool with Persistent Connections**. Workers pre-dial and stay authenticated, allowing emails to be dispatched instantly with zero handshake latency.

## ⚡ Key Features

* **Zero-Latency Sending:** Persistent SMTP connections eliminate handshake overhead.
* **Concurrency:** Configurable worker pool (default: 5) handles multiple clients simultaneously without blocking.
* **Thread-Safe OTP:** In-memory storage protected by `sync.RWMutex` with atomic validation logic to prevent race conditions.
* **Auto-Cleanup:** Background "Janitor" worker removes expired OTPs to prevent memory leaks.
* **Graceful Shutdown:** Completes active jobs before closing connections on `SIGINT` or `SIGTERM`.

## ⚙️ Configuration (.env)

```Ini, TOML

PORT=40700
WORKERS=5                 # Concurrent SMTP connections
OTP_CLEANUP_SECONDS=180   # Expiry check interval
OTP_LIFESPAN_SECONDS=120  # Duration before OTP expires

# SMTP Settings (e.g., Gmail)
EMAIL_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
EMAIL_PORT=465
EMAIL=your_email@gmail.com
APP_PASSWORD=xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx
```

## 🚀 Usage

1. Setup

```Bash
go mod tidy
make generate  # Re-generates Protobuf code
```

2. Run

```Bash

go run main.go
```

## 📚 API Overview

### `OtpService`

| Method | Inputs | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **`SendCode`** | `email` | Generates a 6-digit code, stores it in memory, and dispatches an email via the worker pool. |
| **`ValidateCode`** | `email`, `otp` | Thread-safe validation. Automatically deletes the code upon success to prevent replay attacks. |

### `MailService`

| Method | Inputs | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **`SendMail`** | `to`, `subject`, `body` | Asynchronously queues a raw email to be processed by the next available worker. |

Commit message:

feat: initialize node_client for ConnectRPC testing

README.md, after:

# High-Performance gRPC Mail & OTP Server

A high-concurrency microservice built with Go and gRPC to handle email delivery and OTP management.

## 🎯 Core Problem & Solution

* **The Problem:** Standard `net/smtp` is slow because it creates a new connection (TCP handshake + TLS + Auth) for every single email sent.
* **Our Solution:** Implements a **Worker Pool with Persistent Connections**. Workers pre-dial and stay authenticated, allowing emails to be dispatched instantly with zero handshake latency.

## ⚡ Key Features

* **Zero-Latency Sending:** Persistent SMTP connections eliminate handshake overhead.
* **Concurrency:** Configurable worker pool (default: 5) handles multiple clients simultaneously without blocking.
* **Thread-Safe OTP:** In-memory storage protected by `sync.RWMutex` with atomic validation logic to prevent race conditions.
* **Auto-Cleanup:** Background "Janitor" worker removes expired OTPs to prevent memory leaks.
* **Graceful Shutdown:** Completes active jobs before closing connections on `SIGINT` or `SIGTERM`.

## ⚙️ Configuration (.env)

```Ini, TOML

PORT=40700
WORKERS=5                 # Concurrent SMTP connections
OTP_CLEANUP_SECONDS=180   # Expiry check interval
OTP_LIFESPAN_SECONDS=120  # Duration before OTP expires

# SMTP Settings (e.g., Gmail)
EMAIL_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
EMAIL_PORT=465
EMAIL=your_email@gmail.com
APP_PASSWORD=xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx

# For test in node_client
TARGET=example@gmail.com
```

## 🚀 Usage

1. Setup

```Bash
go mod tidy
make generate  # Re-generates Protobuf code
```

2. Run

```Bash

go run main.go
```

## 📚 API Overview

### `OtpService`

| Method | Inputs | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **`SendCode`** | `email` | Generates a 6-digit code, stores it in memory, and dispatches an email via the worker pool. |
| **`ValidateCode`** | `email`, `otp` | Thread-safe validation. Automatically deletes the code upon success to prevent replay attacks. |

### `MailService`

| Method | Inputs | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **`SendMail`** | `to`, `subject`, `body` | Asynchronously queues a raw email to be processed by the next available worker. |
